docs/photon_installation/SUMMARY.md, before:

# Summary

## Photon OS 3.0

----

- [Installation Guide](README.md)
    - [Downloading Photon OS](Downloading-Photon-OS.md)
    - [Upgrading to Photon OS 3.0](Upgrading_to_photon_os_3.0.md)
    - [Build an ISO from the source code for Photon OS](build-photon.md)
        - [Folder Layout](folder_layout.md)
        * [Build Prerequisites](build_prerequisites.md)
        * [Building the ISO](build_the_iso.md)
        * [Use the Cached Toolchain and RPMS](Use_the_Cached_Toolchain_and_RPMS.md)
        * [Use Cached Sources](use_cached_sources.md)
        * [View Build Logs](view_build_logs.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on vSphere](Running-Photon-OS-on-vSphere.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on vSphere](photon_os_vsphere_prerequisites.md)
        - [Importing the OVA for Photon OS 3.0](importing_ova_for_photon_os_3.0.md)
        - [Installing the ISO Image for Photon OS 3.0](installing-the-iso-image-for-photon-os-30.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Fusion](Running-Project-Photon-on-Fusion.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on Fusion](photon_os_fusion_prerequisites.md)
        - [Importing the OVA for Photon OS 3.0](importing-ova-for-photon-os-3.0-fusion.md)
        - [Installing the ISO Image for Photon OS 3.0](installing-the-iso-image-for-photon-os-30-fusion.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Workstation](Running-Photon-OS-on-Workstation.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on Workstation](photon_os_workstation_prerequisites.md)
        - [Importing the OVA for Photon OS 3.0](importing_ova_for_photon_os_3.0-workstation.md)
        - [Installing the ISO Image for Photon OS 2.0](installing-the-iso-image-for-photon-os-30-workstation.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on AWS EC2](Running-Photon-OS-on-Amazon-Elastic-Cloud-Compute.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on AWS EC2](photon_os_ecc_prerequisites.md)
        - [Set Up Photon OS on EC2](set-up-PhotonOS-on-ec2.md)
        - [Deploy a Containerized Application in Photon OS using SSH](deploying-a-containerized-application-in-photon-os-ssh.md)
        - [Launch the Web Server with Cloud-Init](launch-web-server-with-cloud-init.md)
        - [Terminate the AMI Instance](terminate-the-ami-instance.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Microsoft Azure](Running-Photon-OS-on-Microsoft-Azure.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on Azure](photon-os-azure-prerequisites.md)
        - [Set Up Azure Storage and Uploading the VHD](setting-up-azure-storage-and-uploading-the-vhd.md)
        - [Remove Photon OS From Azure](remove-photon-os-from-azure.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Google Compute Engine](Running-Photon-OS-on-Google-Compute-Engine.md)
        - [Prerequisites for running Photon OS on GCE](photon-os-gce-prerequisites.md)
        - [Installing Photon OS on Google Compute Engine](installing-photon-os-on-google-compute-engine.md)
    - [Deploying a Containerized Application in Photon OS](deploying-a-containerized-application-in-photon-os.md)
    - [Installing and Using Lightwave on Photon OS](Installing-and-Using-Lightwave-on-Photon-OS.md)
        - [Installing the Lightwave Server and Configuring It as a Domain Controller on a Photon Image](Installing-Lightwave-Server-and-Setting-Up-a-Domain.md) 
        - [Installing the Lightwave Client on a Photon Image and Joining the Client to a Domain](Installing-Lightwave-Client-and-Joining-a-Domain.md)
        - [Installing the Photon Management Daemon on a Lightwave Client](Installing-the-Photon-Management-Daemon-on-a-Lightwave-Client.md)
        - [Remotely Upgrade a Single Photon OS Machine With Lightwave Client and Photon Management Daemon Installed](Remotely-Upgrade-a-Photon-OS-Machine-With-Lightwave-Client-and-Photon-Management-Daemon-Installed.md)
        - [Remotely Upgrade Multiple Photon OS Machines With Lightwave Client and Photon Management Daemon Installed](Remotely-Upgrade-Photon-OS-Machine-With-Lightwave-Client-and-Photon-Management-Daemon-Installed.md)
    - [Photon Management Daemon](using-the-photon-management-daemon.md)
        - [Installing the pmd Package](installing_pmd_package.md)
        - [Available APIs](available_apis.md)

Commit message:

PHO-223: Added steps to install Photon OS on RPi3
Change-Id: I7bb34a1b193cd236f1963f7fd661bd394d2ba20c

docs/photon_installation/SUMMARY.md, after:

# Summary

## Photon OS 3.0

----

- [Installation Guide](README.md)
    - [Downloading Photon OS](Downloading-Photon-OS.md)
    - [Upgrading to Photon OS 3.0](Upgrading_to_photon_os_3.0.md)
    - [Build an ISO from the source code for Photon OS](build-photon.md)
        - [Folder Layout](folder_layout.md)
        * [Build Prerequisites](build_prerequisites.md)
        * [Building the ISO](build_the_iso.md)
        * [Use the Cached Toolchain and RPMS](Use_the_Cached_Toolchain_and_RPMS.md)
        * [Use Cached Sources](use_cached_sources.md)
        * [View Build Logs](view_build_logs.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on vSphere](Running-Photon-OS-on-vSphere.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on vSphere](photon_os_vsphere_prerequisites.md)
        - [Importing the OVA for Photon OS 3.0](importing_ova_for_photon_os_3.0.md)
        - [Installing the ISO Image for Photon OS 3.0](installing-the-iso-image-for-photon-os-30.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Fusion](Running-Project-Photon-on-Fusion.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on Fusion](photon_os_fusion_prerequisites.md)
        - [Importing the OVA for Photon OS 3.0](importing-ova-for-photon-os-3.0-fusion.md)
        - [Installing the ISO Image for Photon OS 3.0](installing-the-iso-image-for-photon-os-30-fusion.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Workstation](Running-Photon-OS-on-Workstation.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on Workstation](photon_os_workstation_prerequisites.md)
        - [Importing the OVA for Photon OS 3.0](importing_ova_for_photon_os_3.0-workstation.md)
        - [Installing the ISO Image for Photon OS 2.0](installing-the-iso-image-for-photon-os-30-workstation.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on AWS EC2](Running-Photon-OS-on-Amazon-Elastic-Cloud-Compute.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on AWS EC2](photon_os_ecc_prerequisites.md)
        - [Set Up Photon OS on EC2](set-up-PhotonOS-on-ec2.md)
        - [Deploy a Containerized Application in Photon OS using SSH](deploying-a-containerized-application-in-photon-os-ssh.md)
        - [Launch the Web Server with Cloud-Init](launch-web-server-with-cloud-init.md)
        - [Terminate the AMI Instance](terminate-the-ami-instance.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Microsoft Azure](Running-Photon-OS-on-Microsoft-Azure.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on Azure](photon-os-azure-prerequisites.md)
        - [Set Up Azure Storage and Uploading the VHD](setting-up-azure-storage-and-uploading-the-vhd.md)
        - [Remove Photon OS From Azure](remove-photon-os-from-azure.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Google Compute Engine](Running-Photon-OS-on-Google-Compute-Engine.md)
        - [Prerequisites for running Photon OS on GCE](photon-os-gce-prerequisites.md)
        - [Installing Photon OS on Google Compute Engine](installing-photon-os-on-google-compute-engine.md)
    - [Running Photon OS on Raspberry Pi 3](Running-Photon-OS-on-Raspberry-Pi-3.md)
        - [Prerequisites for Running Photon OS on Raspberry Pi 3](photon-os-rpi3-prerequisites.md)
        - [Installing Photon OS on Raspberry Pi 3](installing-the-iso-image-for-photon-os-30-rpi3.md) 
    - [Deploying a Containerized Application in Photon OS](deploying-a-containerized-application-in-photon-os.md)
    - [Installing and Using Lightwave on Photon OS](Installing-and-Using-Lightwave-on-Photon-OS.md)
        - [Installing the Lightwave Server and Configuring It as a Domain Controller on a Photon Image](Installing-Lightwave-Server-and-Setting-Up-a-Domain.md) 
        - [Installing the Lightwave Client on a Photon Image and Joining the Client to a Domain](Installing-Lightwave-Client-and-Joining-a-Domain.md)
        - [Installing the Photon Management Daemon on a Lightwave Client](Installing-the-Photon-Management-Daemon-on-a-Lightwave-Client.md)
        - [Remotely Upgrade a Single Photon OS Machine With Lightwave Client and Photon Management Daemon Installed](Remotely-Upgrade-a-Photon-OS-Machine-With-Lightwave-Client-and-Photon-Management-Daemon-Installed.md)
        - [Remotely Upgrade Multiple Photon OS Machines With Lightwave Client and Photon Management Daemon Installed](Remotely-Upgrade-Photon-OS-Machine-With-Lightwave-Client-and-Photon-Management-Daemon-Installed.md)
    - [Photon Management Daemon](using-the-photon-management-daemon.md)
        - [Installing the pmd Package](installing_pmd_package.md)
        - [Available APIs](available_apis.md)
