docs/photon_admin/managing-the-network-configuration.md, before:

# Managing the Network Configuration

The network service, which is enabled by default, starts when the system boots. You manage the network service by using systemd commands, such as systemd-networkd, systemd-resolvd, and networkctl. You can check its status of the network service by running the following command: 

	systemctl status systemd-networkd

Here is a healthy result of the command: 

	* systemd-networkd.service - Network Service
	   Loaded: loaded (/usr/lib/systemd/system/systemd-networkd.service; enabled; vendor preset: enabled)
	   Active: active (running) since Fri 2016-04-29 15:08:51 UTC; 6 days ago
	     Docs: man:systemd-networkd.service(8)
	 Main PID: 291 (systemd-network)
	   Status: "Processing requests..."
	   CGroup: /system.slice/systemd-networkd.service
	           `-291 /lib/systemd/systemd-networkd

Because Photon OS relies on systemd to manage services, you should employ the systemd suite of commands, not deprecated init.d commands or other deprecated commands, to manage networking.

Commit message:

Restructuring Installation, Admin, and User Guides
Change-Id: I5fd9fa8f6ae49da61d3f0f523fdc8f5d72098034
Reviewed-on: http://photon-jenkins.eng.vmware.com:8082/6198
Reviewed-by: Stuart Clements <sclements@vmware.com>
Tested-by: Stuart Clements <sclements@vmware.com>

docs/photon_admin/managing-the-network-configuration.md, after:

# Managing the Network Configuration

The network service, which is enabled by default, starts when the system boots. 

-   [Commands to Manage Network Service](network_management_commands.md)
-   [Using the Network Configuration Manager](using-the-network-configuration-manager.md)
-   [Use `ip` and `ss` Commands Instead of `ifconfig` and `netstat`](use-ip-and-ss-commands.md)
-   [Configuring Network Interfaces](configuring-network-interfaces.md)
-   [Setting a Static IP Address](setting-a-static-ip-address.md)
-   [Turning Off DHCP](turning-off-dhcp.md)
-   [Adding a DNS Server](adding-a-dns-server.md)
-   [Setting Up Networking for Multiple NICs](setting-up-networking-for-multiple-nics.md)
    -   [Combining DHCP and Static IP Addresses with IPv4 and IPv6](combining-dhcp-and-static-ip-addresses-with-ipv4-and-ipv6.md)
-   [Clearing the Machine ID of a Cloned Instance for DHCP](clearing-the-machine-id-of-a-cloned-instance-for-dhcp.md)
-   [Using Predictable Network Interface Names](using-predictable-network-interface-names.md)
-   [Inspecting the Status of Network Links with `networkctl`](inspecting-the-status-of-network-links-with-networkctl.md)
-   [Network Debugging](turning-on-network-debugging.md)
-   [Mounting a Network File System](mounting-a-network-file-system.md)
-   [Installing the Packages for tcpdump and netcat with `tdnf`](installing-the-packages-for-tcpdump-and-netcat-with-tdnf.md)
- [Network Configuration Manager - C API](netmgr.c.md)
- [Network Configuration Manager - Python API](netmgr.python.md)
