docs/photon_troubleshoot/Troubleshooting-vmtoolsd.md, before:

#Vmtoolsd

Vmtoolsd is a systemd service which is started after the cloud-final service in photon.
vmtools provides guestinfo properties using which you can set metadata, userdata and vendordata for cloud-init. the VMwareGuestInfo Datasource pulls this metadata, userdata and vendordata and applies the configuration to the system.
vmware-rpctool is a utility provided by open-vm-tools to set metadata, userdata and vendordata.
vmware-rpctool enables the info.set and info.get options to set and get the guestinfo properties respectively.

##Debugging
To check the status of the vmtoolsd service (vgauthd is used by vmtoolsd), run the following commands:
```
$ systemctl status vmtoolsd vgauthd

$ journalctl -u vmtoolsd

$ journalctl -u vgauthd
```
To set and get metadata, userdata and vendordata, run the following commands:
```
$ /usr/bin/vmware-rpctool 'info-get guestinfo.metadata'

$ /usr/bin/vmware-rpctool 'info-get guestinfo.userdata'

$ /usr/bin/vmware-rpctool 'info-get guestinfo.vendordata'
```

Commit message:

vmtoolsd, cloud-init trobleshooting documentation changes
Change-Id: Ia3b669e6aabaf23b0fca5c7aac17880649161912
Reviewed-on: http://photon-jenkins.eng.vmware.com:8082/10756
Reviewed-by: Shreenidhi Shedi <sshedi@vmware.com>
Tested-by: Keerthana K <keerthanak@vmware.com>

docs/photon_troubleshoot/Troubleshooting-vmtoolsd.md, after:

#Open-vm-tools/Vmtoolsd

Vmtoolsd is a systemd service, using which we can set guestinfo properties metadata, userdata and vendordata etc., which in turn are consumed by cloud-init.
VMwareGuestInfo Datasource uses this guestinfo properties and applies them to the system.

vmware-rpctool is a utility provided by open-vm-tools to set metadata, userdata and vendordata.
vmware-rpctool provides info.set and info.get options to set and get the guestinfo properties respectively.

##Debugging
To check the status of the vmtoolsd service (vmtoolsd is dependant on vgauthd), run the following commands:
```
$ systemctl status vmtoolsd vgauthd

$ journalctl -u vmtoolsd

$ journalctl -u vgauthd
```
To set and get metadata, userdata and vendordata, run the following commands:
```
$ /usr/bin/vmware-rpctool 'info-get guestinfo.metadata'

$ /usr/bin/vmware-rpctool 'info-get guestinfo.userdata'

$ /usr/bin/vmware-rpctool 'info-get guestinfo.vendordata'
```

A YAML file can be used as input to the **rpctool** using following commands:

```
vmware-rpctool "info-set guestinfo.userdata.encoding base64"
vmware-rpctool "info-set guestinfo.metadata.encoding base64"

vmware-rpctool "info-set guestinfo.metadata ${metadata file contents}"

vmware-rpctool "info-set guestinfo.userdata ${userdata file contents}"
```

**Note**:Include the cloud-init log tarball and the vmtoolsd logs when you raise an issue.

1. Collect cloud-init log tarball by running the `cloud-init collect-logs` command.
1. Collect the vmtoolsd logs from **/var/log/vmware-imc/toolsDeployPkg.log** file.
1. Attach the logs collected to the issue ticket.
